//if something moved is an argument, and it's not moved far enough;  snap back into place
 (if moved a long enough distance, consider making it a floating term again)


//If something is moved onto the background, take it out of the argument slot
  //put it back safely
 //(treat the background as a hole?)

//check context properly

ctrl-click to copy
delete key to delete (right click)?
double click to do something (make floating?) (reset hole after arguments have been deleted?)

//allow floating terms
  //make floating terms line up reasonably

make types line up better (autofill)
 //(make exact matches fit; think about which holes to count)
 do something for imperfect matches
 This is a very deep rabbit hole - guessing what the programmer wants is tricky.
   e.g. If something matches exactly (including order of arguments), we most likely want it
        (in some cases, this corresponds to eta-reducing away a lambda in Haskell)
        If there is exactly one permutation of arguments which works perfectly, we probably want it
        if the 'works perfectly' above is changed to a recursive "almost perfect up to permuation of arguments",
          do we still want it? Note that this shifts the definition of uniqueness so might actually apply in fewer situations.

let blocks
  (global background should be a let block?)

zoom/pan
  This is in the SVG1 spec but removed from SVG2 :(

//generate strings corresponding to the terms

show a preview of what happens if you release the mouse (important for UI)
  implementation thoughts: keep track of a "real" target based on the unmodified structure
     when that changes, duplicate as much as needed to (including stuff that would move out of scope)
                        and make the original invisible (but keep it present for hit testing)

hide/shrink parts of more complicated types.
  (only when autofilled? (η-reducible))

Longer term:
undo/redo
do something with data type declarations
get polymorphic types working
  Frames (aka explicit type signatures)?
integrate with Haskell
think about what to do when something changes type
  Make things that don't fit float?



features that could be graphically represented:
Type
  type itself
  for polymorphic: whether it's a type variable
  should type synonyms be different?
module it came from?
Implementation?

ways to represent them:
colour (currently indicates the parent of a bound variable)
shape of box (4 different edges)
 ideas: type variables as wavy lines
  in higher kinded types, eg "List Int", sides represent List and top/bottom represent Int
text (content, colour, style)
position
animation?
