//Use box.children rather than box.floating
//put things into the right place when doing `makeFloating`
  Make hitboxes not include the transparent part of the border

//dragging an argument into its (filled) hole should make it floating in the hole
// procedurally generate borders (needs some improvement)

ctrl-click to copy
right-click to delete
delete key to delete?
  how do I get deleted arguments back?
double click to do something (make floating?) (reset hole after arguments have been deleted?)
  make a hole larger than it needs to be to make it easy to work in that context

do something to indicate when something will fill a hole (draw border of the hole?)

//allow floating terms
  //make floating terms line up reasonably

make types line up better (autofill)
 //(make exact matches fit; think about which holes to count)
 //do something for imperfect matches
 This is a very deep rabbit hole - guessing what the programmer wants is tricky.
   e.g. If something matches exactly (including order of arguments), we most likely want it
        (in some cases, this corresponds to eta-reducing away a lambda in Haskell)
        If there is exactly one permutation of arguments which works perfectly, we probably want it
        if the 'works perfectly' above is changed to a recursive "almost perfect up to permuation of arguments",
          do we still want it? Note that this shifts the definition of uniqueness so might actually apply in fewer situations.

let blocks
  (global background should be a let block?)

zoom/pan
  This is in the SVG1 spec but removed from SVG2 :(

generate strings corresponding to the terms

show a preview of what happens if you release the mouse (important for UI)
  implementation thoughts: keep track of a "real" target based on the unmodified structure
     when that changes, duplicate as much as needed to (including stuff that would move out of scope)
                        and make the original invisible (but keep it present for hit testing)

hide/shrink parts of more complicated types.
  (only when autofilled? (η-reducible))
  stack vertically sometimes?

portability:
  Test in browsers other than firefox
    - I've been deliberately ignoring this
    - Would need to stop using border-image
       (make svgs when needed - might want to do this anyway
          given what a pain border-image is)
  Touchscreens (incl. phones/tablets
    - These were the original motivation
    - Drag and drop API
    - debugging will be hell
    - voice recognition?

libraries
 - sidebar (with tabs?) to take things from

Longer term:
undo/redo
do something with data type declarations
get polymorphic types working
  Frames (aka explicit type signatures)?
integrate with Haskell
think about what to do when something changes type
  Make things that don't fit float?
